[hipsparse/rocsparse] Docs: Add Windows install guide (#1142)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipsparse/docs/install/install-windows.rst

.. meta::
  :description: How to build and install hipSPARSE on Windows
  :keywords: hipSPARSE, ROCm, API, documentation, installation, Windows, build

.. _windows-install:

********************************************************************
Installing and building hipSPARSE for Windows
********************************************************************

> This topic describes how to install or build hipSPARSE on Windows by using prebuilt packages or building from source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic describes how to install or build hipSPARSE on Microsoft Windows by using prebuilt packages or building from source.
```

Reviewer: The first occurrence in body text should be fully spelled out.

Prerequisites
=============

> hipSPARSE on Windows requires an AMD HIP SDK enabled platform. It's supported on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hipSPARSE on Windows requires an AMD HIP SDK-enabled platform. It's supported on the
```

*  `rocSPARSE <https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/tree/develop/projects/rocsparse>`_
*  `git <https://git-scm.com/>`_
*  `CMake <https://cmake.org/>`_ (Version 3.5 or later)
*  `vcpkg <https://github.com/Microsoft/vcpkg.git>`_
*  `GoogleTest <https://github.com/google/googletest>`_ (Optional: only required to build the clients)
*  `Python <https://www.python.org/>`_
*  `PyYAML <https://pypi.org/project/PyYAML/>`_

When building hipSPARSE from source, select a supported version of the :doc:`rocSPARSE <rocsparse:index>` library
dependency. Given a specific version of hipSPARSE,
it's best to use the same version of rocSPARSE.

Downloading hipSPARSE
----------------------

The hipSPARSE source code for Windows, which is the same as for Linux, is available
from the `hipSPARSE folder <https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries/tree/develop/projects/hipsparse>`_
of the `rocm-libraries GitHub <https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries>`_.
The ROCm HIP SDK version might be shown in the default installation path, but
you can run the HIP SDK compiler from the ``bin/`` folder to display the version using this command:

.. code-block:: shell

   hipcc --version

> The HIP version has major, minor, and patch fields, possibly followed by a build specific identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HIP version number consists of major, minor, and patch fields, and is sometimes followed by a build-specific identifier.
```

For example, the HIP version might be ``6.4.22880-135e1ab4``.
This corresponds to major release ``6``, minor release ``4``, patch ``22880``, and build identifier ``135e1ab4``.
The rocm-libraries GitHub includes branches with names like ``release/rocm-rel-major.minor``,
where major and minor have the same meaning as the HIP version.

To limit your local checkout to only the hipSPARSE project, configure ``sparse-checkout`` before cloning.
This uses the Git partial clone feature (``--filter=blob:none``) to reduce how much data is downloaded.

> Use the following commands for a sparse checkout:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To limit your local checkout to only the hipSPARSE project, configure ``sparse-checkout`` before cloning.
This uses the Git partial clone feature (``--filter=blob:none``) to reduce the data download.
Use the following commands for a sparse checkout:
```

.. code-block:: shell

   git clone --no-checkout --filter=blob:none https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries.git
   cd rocm-libraries
   git sparse-checkout init --cone
   git sparse-checkout set projects/hipsparse # add projects/rocsparse to include dependency
   git checkout release/rocm-rel-x.y  # or use the branch you want to work with

Replace ``x.y`` in the above command with the version of HIP SDK installed on your machine.
For example, if you have HIP 7.0 installed, use ``-b release/rocm-rel-7.0``.

To download all projects in rocm-libraries, use these commands. This process takes
longer but is recommended for those working with a large number of libraries.

.. code-block:: shell

   git clone -b release/rocm-rel-x.y https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries.git
   cd rocm-libraries/projects/hipsparse

.. note::

   To build ROCm 6.4.3 and earlier, use the hipSPARSE repository at `<https://github.com/ROCm/hipSPARSE>`_.
   For more information, see the documentation associated with the release you want to build.

Add the SDK tools to your path with an entry like the following:

.. code-block:: shell

   %HIP_PATH%\bin

> Building using make

Reviewer 2: I see this is also what we have as a title in the rocsparse Windows documentation, but we should probably rename this here and there to something like: `Building using Python script` or `Building from source` or even just `Building  hipSPARSE`. The rmake.py python script uses cmake and ninja on windows.

Author: Good idea! I'll change this to building using Python script.
